---
title: Why I stopped procratinating.
description: How I stopped procrastinating and how it changed my life.
pubDate: 2023-09-24
tags: [life]
---

# Why I stopped procrastinating.

Few years ago, I was really bad at time management. In middle and high school, there were many occasions I had to do an all-nighter to do homework, not because I was busy with other work or commitments, but because I was lazy and just played video games. Today in college, however, I rarely procrastinate. I complete most of my work the day it is released, and at least a week ahead on all the work that is released. I barely do work on the weekends and after 6 pm on any day.  
In this blog, I will discuss how not procrastinating allows me to be a better version of myself.

## Done is better than perfect

CEO of Meta (originally Facebook), Mark Zuckerberg, once said that done is better than perfect. Perfect may sound like what you should be aiming for, which it is. However, nothing will ever be perfect. Mathematics is a field where the smartest people have studied for at least a few thousand years. However, it is yet perfected. Software development will never be perfect as there are more features to add daily, and fixing bugs will produce more. The important point here is that it is better done and finished at a certain level of perfection than actually being perfect, because being perfect means never done.

## The hardest part is starting the work, not actually doing it

I think that the hardest part of doing work is actually starting it. As you may have heard, by the time you start the work, you’re half way done. I believe this is pretty accurate. Whenever I'm lazy to do work, I tell myself that if I start it, I will be done with it in 30 minutes anyways, so why not just finish it and never ever feel the stress for that work again. This mindset allowed me to procrastinate less overall.

## Less stress

When I have my stuff done, I have less stress. I don’t have to worry about work before sleeping or whenever I’m doing something else. I can live in the moment more, and I personally love that feeling.

## Conclusion

This blog isn't perfect. I know, it's not. There are probably grammatical errors and flow issues, but that's not what I'm trying to achieve with this post. I just want to share my ideas to the world with 80% perfection. Being perfect is _always_ my intent, but _never_ my product.
